hi this is miss EIA I'm doing a hair
review on yummy here I'm from WWE my
extensions calm this is the Russian feta
wavy curly medium luster slightly coarse
I know it's a lot but it's so worth it I
have three bundles in my hair I have 12
14 14 of 16 and 16 18 I've had this hair
install since October 18 and this will
be my first watch that I will do since
October 18 um so once I'm finished
washed and blown dry you will see to
here in the natural state you know you
guys tell me what you think and I'll
also straighten it in my next video umm
alright bye oh let me let you get a look
at the hair keep in mind is dirty this
is my natural Here I am natural no purse
does take a lot of straightening to do
so ignore that part but other than that
the hair is holding up really really
well so I'll come back with my next
review once it's washed alright Pilate
I'm back again
umm I finished washing my hair I just
want to show you what it looks like and
umm it's somewhat dry um at this point I
did use a blow dryer to dry a little bit
of it and some of this still wet I am
gonna go ahead and style it just want to
give you a look this is my leave out um
rated I'll go ahead and straighten it
and you guys will see the finished look
both curly and straight
I'm just take a look at the texture this
still no shedding there's no tangle I
could run my hair my hands through it um
I gotta fix my so in here I apologize I
it came loose a little bit so I'm gonna
go ahead and tighten it up um but once
again still good still holding up well
still uh thick and full um the ends are
really nice my own came a little bit
tinted as you can see I'm is like a
little bit reddish I didn't color it but
it really looks really really nice and
the Sun
especially many people has given me
compliments on it here already once
again this is the Russian Federal Way be
curly a slightly coarse medium luster
imma have three bundles in my hair
alright I'll see you soon once I'm done
styling and that in my last video I know
I said I was gonna curl it and show you
the straight look I think I'm just gonna
attach all pictures like all the
pictures I'm like sometime in October
when I did get it curl and then my first
when I first did my initial review um
prior to Washington you'll see it in
that straight state and pretty much
that's how it looks you can get them in
different texture I just wanted to show
you it freshly washed I am going out to
a party and get my little dance on out
there I'm sorry I'm gonna keep thing
here and let it be awhile tonight
because I am looking for party party
card you know how you doing ladies I'm I
just wanna show you two here so I'm
gonna turn around a little bit so you
get the full look I just leave my
natural hair blends in with it um I did
straighten my natural hair I must get
dressed I'm just really excited cuz my
outfit is really bad but once again this
year is from the VW got yummy extensions
calm I'm still no shedding still hold it
well just to show you what I'm talking
with no shedding even though it's thick
as it looks this is a small comb and
even when you comb the hair right
through there is no shut in like look at
that that's so amazing
um I really really love this here and
Yummie has definitely definitely
definitely got a lifetime customer I
will always border from her yes it's a
bit pricey but it's so worth it um I do
I strongly strongly recommend that if
your hair is natural you better off
going with the medium coarse but it all
depends on you everybody hair texture is
a lot different when I straighten my
hair it doesn't get like straight
straight I'm a sweater so my hair kinks
right back up I do use a certain cream
for my hair to keep it straight very
well which lasts for about a week so
anyway um once
to show you to hear itself oh I came
it's a party um I've got too much
compliments on this here I can't tell
you how much compliments I got on this
here it's awesome it's amazing I do have
three bundles once again I have the 12
14 14 16 and 16 18 keep in mind this is
the yummy hair virgin feta rushing here
sorry a lot of words wit it slightly
wavy I think it in use um you can
request for it to be a little bit new so
you can really request rate to me really
really curly I prefer something loose
just because I do got a rounder face and
chubby sa so curly curly is not too good
for my face and it is the medium less
stuff alright I'm going to Simon's yummy
here so I can get it in you know
love this here
you